URL: https://semiwiki.com/events/367107-qnity-and-silicon-catalyst-light-a-path-to-success/
--------------------
Guests have limited access.
Join our community today!
You are currently viewing SemiWiki as a guest which gives you limited access to the site. To view blog comments and experience other SemiWiki features you must be a registered member. Registration is fast, simple, and absolutely free so please,
join our community today
!
Add Event
View All
View Calendar
Search Semiwiki
Blogs
Events
Jobs
Wikis
Forum
All
Search
Recent Silicon Catalyst Articles
Qnity and Silicon Catalyst Light a Path to Success  at the Chiplet Summit
March 11, 2026
Silicon Catalyst at the Chiplet Summit: Advancing the Chiplet Economy
February 12, 2026
Silicon Catalyst: Searching for the Next Great Start-up
January 4, 2026
Revitalizing Semiconductor StartUps
December 9, 2025
Silicon Catalyst on the Road to $1 Trillion Industry
November 14, 2025
The 2025 Semi Industry Forum: On the Road to a $1 Trillion Industry
October 13, 2025
The Impact of AI on Semiconductor Startups
September 23, 2025
CEO Interview with Adam Khan of Diamond Quanta
September 19, 2025
CEO Interview with Andrew Skafel of Edgewater Wireless
August 1, 2025
Cutting Through the Fog: Hype versus Reality in Emerging Technologies
March 14, 2025
CEO Interview: John Chang of Jmem Technology Co., Ltd.
January 17, 2025
CEO Interview: Dr. Zeynep Bayram of 35ELEMENTS
January 10, 2025
Navigating Frontier Technology Trends in 2024
October 9, 2024
Silicon Catalyst Ventures Launched With 8 Fundings
June 24, 2024
Silicon Catalyst Announces Winners of the 2024 Arm Startups Contest
June 14, 2024
A Webinar with Silicon Catalyst, ST Microelectronics and an Exciting MEMS Development Contest
May 17, 2024
Silicon Catalyst partners with Arm to launch the Arm Flexible Access for Startups Contest!
April 12, 2024
CEO Interview: Patrick T. Bowen of Neurophos
March 15, 2024
BDD-Based Formal for Floating Point. Innovation in Verification
February 27, 2024
A Candid Chat with Sean Redmond About ChipStart in the UK
February 23, 2024
WP_Term Object
WP_Term Object
Qnity and Silicon Catalyst Light a Path to Success  at the Chiplet Summit
by
Mike Gianfagna
on 03-11-2026 at 10:00 am
View Profile
View Forum Posts
View Articles
Private Message
Categories:
3D IC
,
Chiplet
,
Events
,
Semiconductor Services
,
Silicon Catalyst
Key takeaways
▼
The
Chiplet Summit
recently concluded. Multi-die heterogeneous design is a hot topic these days and chiplets are a key enabler for this trend. The conference was noticeably larger this year. There were many presentations and exhibits that focused on areas such as how to design chiplets, what standards are important, how to integrate chiplets and what applications show the most promise. All important, exciting and useful topics. There was one session hosted by Silicon Catalyst that stood out for me as different.
Silicon Catalyst is a different kind of organization. One that doesn’t make chips (or chiplets), develop standards or build software design tools. Instead, it has developed a unique, worldwide incubator to bring semiconductor startups
from PowerPoint to product
. The organization did showcase a number of promising new companies at the show. More on that later. What I want to focus on first is
Qnity,
a strategic partner of Silicon Catalyst that has substantial size with more than 10,000 employees serving customers in more than 80 countries. This organization is also the last pure-play electronics supplier in the U.S.
The breadth and depth of Qnity create a powerful force for the semiconductor supply chain. Let’s examine how Qnity and Silicon Catalyst light a path to success at the Chiplet Summit
The Silicon Catalyst Footprint
You can learn a lot about Silicon Catalyst and what the organization does
on SemiWiki here
. Nick Kepler, COO of Silicon Catalyst gave an excellent keynote at the Chiplet Summit that provided some good context as to what the organization does for chiplets and why it’s unique.  Nick explained that Silicon Catalyst is the only accelerator focused on the global semiconductor industry including chips, chiplets, materials, IP and silicon fabrication. Applications include photonics, MEMS, sensors, life science and quantum.
He went on to describe the extensive, worldwide ecosystem that the organization has built. Many organizations have a
logo slide
. The one from Silicon Catalyst is quite impressive. It is included below.
Silicon Catalyst ecosystem
Qnity and its Unique Impact on the Semiconductor Supply Chain
Chris Gilmore
Chris Gilmore, Advanced Packaging Technology Strategy Leader for Qnity, presented at the Silicon Catalyst session. (The company name is pronounced “Quenity”.) The company was formed when DuPont spun out its electronics business last year, creating a publicly traded (NYSE: “Q”), worldwide force in advanced electronics materials and solutions empowering AI, high performance computing, and advanced connectivity.
Qnity has 39 manufacturing sites and 17 R&D facilities around the world. The majority of its portfolio is tied directly to semiconductors, giving the company a total addressable market exceeding $30 billion. Qnity gains more than 40% of its revenue in interconnect technologies, including metallization chemistry and laminates, alongside thermal materials through subsidiary Laird Performance Materials.  This vast size and technology base is what unlocks the opportunity for a substantial impact on the chiplet market. More on that in a moment.
With a Ph.D. in synthetic organic chemistry and well over a decade of experience in advanced packaging and materials research at Dow Chemical and DuPont, Chris brought substantial knowledge of the current semiconductor supply chain challenges.
He explained that Qnity has two primary areas of focus. In semiconductor technologies, it provides consumable materials and solutions for semiconductor chip fabrication, fab equipment, and advanced display panels. In interconnect solutions, it provides advanced materials, systems and engineering solutions for signal integrity, power management and thermal management to address interconnect challenges. This totals about a $4.75B business for the company. The figure below provides a view of the company’s product mix.
It turns out this broad technology base provides Qnity with a unique perspective to advance chiplet designs. Chris explained that chiplets are a simple concept with a complex execution path. One of the primary drivers of this complexity is the fact that chiplets invert typical supply chain dynamics. He explained that the traditional semiconductor supply chain is characterized by
low mix/high volume
requirements. Due to the many specialized solutions offered by chiplets, the new chiplet supply chain requires
a high mix/low volume
dynamic.
He explained that chiplet-based design winners will be chosen by performance against high value challenges in
many
diverse targeted fields of use. The figure below illustrates the wide impact Qnity has on the entire semiconductor value chain. This is unique to Qnity and is the source of its substantial impact on the chiplet market.
Qnity technology portfolio
Thanks to the incredible breadth of Qnity’s offerings, the company is uniquely positioned to rebalance the semiconductor ecosystem to manage the demands of the new chiplet-based breed of design. Chris described a focus of interdisciplinary investment and innovation to help bring chiplets to fruition with broad and deep collaboration across the supply chain.
If you are contemplating a high-volume chiplet application, Qnity is a company to be aware of, and probably one to work with. You can explore the
company’s website here
.
To Learn More
Silicon Catalyst has put together a video summary of the Qnity presentation at the Chiplet Summit. You can view it at on
the Silicon Catalyst website here.
There were many other significant events that were part of the Silicon Catalyst session. Other Silicon Catalyst portfolio companies that presented include:
Athos Silicon
delivers safe AI for the physical world with a product called Chiptile, the Athos-designed foundational compute chiplet, and the building block of its Multiple Systems on Chip (mSoC) architecture for safety-critical autonomy across robotics, automotive, and aerospace.
CrossFire Technologies
tackles Interconnect challenges with an approach called Wire Abundance. No silicon interposer is required, and the product works with current chiplets, SoCs and memory die, delivering a 10X smaller area.
HEPT Lab
provides 3D sensors for harsh environments. The HEPT Lab sensor is based on silicon photonics technology that was developed at CalTech for over 10 years. The goal is to make silicon photonics sensors as ubiquitous as cameras.
Quadric
delivers a new approach to scalable AI at the edge with a fully programmable stand-alone processor. The architecture is not an accelerator, but rather a processor that is programmable in C++ and Python.
The Silicon Catalyst session ended with a spirited panel discussion. The participants are shown below,
And that’s how Qnity and Silicon Catalyst light a path to success at the Chiplet Summit.
Share this post via:
Comments
There are no comments yet.
You must
register
or
log in
to view/post comments.
Sponsor
Silicon Catalyst Wiki
CEO Interview
Newsletter
Contact Silicon Catalyst
Silicon Catalyst Socials
LinkedIn
Instance
Recent Silicon Catalyst Press
ScaleBridge Labs and Silicon Catalyst Launch National Initiative to Accelerate Semiconductor Innovation for the Defense Industry
started by
AmandaK
on
March 10, 2026
Ainekko Merges with Veevx, Expands Open Silicon Platform with Breakthrough Memory and Embedded AI Capabilities
started by
AmandaK
on
February 11, 2026
Silicon Catalyst Showcases the Next Wave of Chiplet Startups at Chiplet Summit 2026
started by
AmandaK
on
February 10, 2026
Silicon Catalyst Portfolio Company Neurophos Secures $110 Million Series A to Launch Exaflop-Scale Photonic AI Chips
started by
AmandaK
on
February 3, 2026
Silicon Catalyst Alumnus Quadric, Inference Engine for On-Device AI Chips, Raises $30M Series C as Design Wins Accelerate Across Edge LLMs, Automotive
started by
AmandaK
on
January 21, 2026
Silicon Catalyst Portfolio Companies at CES 2026
started by
AmandaK
on
January 7, 2026
Silicon Catalyst Announces Ecosystem Expansion for Quantum with 6 New In-Kind Partners to Support Startups
started by
AmandaK
on
December 10, 2025
Silicon Catalyst Announces Seven Newly Admitted Companies to Semiconductor Industry Accelerator
started by
AmandaK
on
November 12, 2025
Silicon Catalyst Announces the Launch of Silicon Catalyst Japan to Accelerate Semiconductor Innovation
started by
AmandaK
on
November 12, 2025
Silicon Catalyst Expands to Australia Partnering with the Queensland Venture Capital Development Fund: Building a Bridge from Australia to Silicon Val
started by
AmandaK
on
November 3, 2025
Blogs
Events
Jobs
Wikis
Forum
All
Search